fix(cli): tokens build crashed when run on result of tokens create (#2549)
digdir/designsystemet: .changeset/strong-flowers-ring.md

---
'@digdir/designsystemet': minor
---

> feat(cli): add --verbose option to "tokens build" for easier debugging
> fix(cli): update tokens template to reflect removal of `ingress` and renaming of `paragraph` to `body`
> fix(cli): `tokens build` crashed when run on result of `tokens create`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix CLI crashing when creating tokens:
- add --verbose option to "tokens build" for easier debugging
- update tokens template to reflect removal of `ingress` and renaming of `paragraph` to `body`
- `tokens build` crashed when run on result of `tokens create`
```

Author: Nice, I was uncertain of the structure here. I rewrote it somewhat, see newest commit

Reviewer: Looks good, I'm unsure if changeset likes two lists - but lets merge this in and see!
We can always change it later if it comes out weird
